[air] update documentation to use `session.report` (#26051)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-air/key-concepts.rst

    :end-before: __air_trainer_output_end__

Session
-------

> AIR exposes a functional API for users to define training behavior, or for developers to create their own trainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ray AIR exposes a functional API for users to define training behavior, or for developers to create their own ``Trainer``\s.
```

In both cases, there is a need for the following interactions:

> 1. To disseminate information downstream, including trial_name, trial_id, trial_resources and rank information etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To disseminate information downstream, including ``trial_name``, ``trial_id``, ``trial_resources`, rank information etc.
```

> 1. To disseminate information downstream, including ``trial_name``, ``trial_id``, ``trial_resources``, rank information etc.
> 2. To report information to upstream, including metrics and checkpoint.

Reviewer 2: Currently doesn't render as a list
```suggestion

1. To disseminate information downstream, including ``trial_name``, ``trial_id``, ``trial_resources``, rank information etc.
2. To report information to upstream, including metrics and checkpoint.
```

To facilitate such interactions, we introduce :ref:`Session <air-session-ref>`. The following figure shows how Session

> looks like in a DataParallel training scenario and the conceptual image of Session at different levels (what we call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
looks like in a Data Parallel training scenario and the conceptual image of Session at different levels (what we call
```

> To facilitate such interactions, we introduce :ref:`Session <air-session-ref>`. The following figure shows how Session
> looks like in a Data Parallel training scenario and the conceptual image of Session at different levels (what we call
> as Tune Session and Train Session).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To facilitate such interactions, we introduce the :ref:`Session <air-session-ref>` concept.

The session concept exists on several levels: The execution layer (called `Tune Session`) and the training layer (called `Train Session`). The following figure shows how these two sessions looks like in a Data Parallel training scenario.
```

.. image:: images/session.svg
   :width: 650px
   :align: center

..

>   https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1g0pv8gqgG29aPEPTcd4BC0LaRNbW1sAkv3H6W1TCp0c/edit

Reviewer 2: Would be great if you could trim the borders of the figure

    :end-before: __air_trainer_output_end__

> Session

Reviewer 3: Hmm we will want to move this once we have a basic tuner guide

Author: `Session` is relevant for both Tuner and Trainer. 
So I think it should have a space here. 
Individual component can still talk about Session separately in their own context.
